



Data collection

Date


Rivals


Result





Pre-Match

Warm-up Rally

Did you have some time for yourself, to focus on the match and really concentrate? 


Were you able to physically warm up before beginning?

Did you know the rivals from beforehand, and came in with a predetermined strategy? 


Have you talked to your partner before the match and discussed how you plan to play?

How did it go in the warm-up? What feelings did you get from your physique and from the quality of your strokes? 


Before the start of the match, did you talk to your partner about how your opponents played in the warm-up rallies?

During the Match

 At the physical level

How did you feel during the match?

Were you tired? 


Were you moving fast and with a good feeling? 


Have you noticed that you lacked stamina or reaction speed at any time during the match?

If you weren’t as you would have liked to be, what did you try to make a change?

At the mental-emotional level

Have you maintained your attention and concentration throughout the match?

If at any time you lost it, did you become aware early on and know how to reconnect into the match?

How was your attitude? 

What thoughts did you have?


Did you feel yourself driven by frustration or anxiety?

If so, what did you try to overcome that mindset?

You know how it feels when you’re playing well and move with ease through the court. On the days when you don't have those good sensations, what do you do to try to get them?

What did you think about during the breaks for changing sides? 


What feelings did you have when leaving the game?

At the match level (technical-tactical-strategic)

What level did your rivals have? Were they superior? Were they similar? Or were they inferior?

Was one of your rivals better or did more damage than their teammate?

How was your level of play in the defense? 


Were you able to provoke easy balls to try to win the net? 


Did you manage to play to their most uncomfortable areas? 




Were you able to spend more time at the net than your rivals? 


Did you lose the net easily? 


Did you get clear balls to hit winners after working/constructing the point?

How have your serving games been going? How many serving games did you lose?

What about your returning games? Did you ever manage to break your opponents' serve?

When something didn't work out, did you talk to your partner to try out other things?

Do you think you followed the right strategy?


 If not, what changes do you think you should have made? That is, if you were to play this match again, what changes would you make?

What strategy did your rivals follow?

Why do you think they won?
